Hi guys, in this video I want to create
a nice video from a video restyling
3D video to animate. This is the
original video. As you can see, I I
uploaded as a reference right here. I am
using this workflow and this uh room
that I generated from GPD to generate
this video 10 seconds uh video.
Okay, let's go. Uh okay, first thing
first, uh open the comfy UI,
run it.
Okay, I want to use this workflow. You
can get the link on the description this
one.
Okay. When you add this workflow here,
there is those missing notice. We have
to install it. How to install those
notice? We have to go here to manager
install missing notice
and it install
this version. It's selected.
Okay. As you can see,
it's installed. Let's restart the editor
config.
Okay, it's uh installand linking
those libraries.
Okay, fine. Now, let's reload this page.
Okay, before you install this model,
you have to use this
download those files
and add it on the camp UI.
here confi go here to modest
and install it one by one for me I
already installed those files
okay we have for example first one click
here the download after downloading this
file
you can add it in this uh directory
diffusion model for me I added in
diffusion model
okay This one to div or
uh key4 km gg u. Okay, fine. Second one,
this will you can add it in order. Press
this button and download.
Okay, where is Loris?
Okay, this model add it right here in
this place. Uh this one jimma 3 12 video
FP4 mix it add to clip. Go here over
clip.
Okay, this
uh DL clip connector to embed
connector
clip. I already added download and add
uh audio and video vie. Okay, go here to
VIE.
When you go, this is it. Uh, entire
folder. Download all of those. There is
four files.
Download and add it in this folder.
Okay. As you can see, vie video.
Okay.
Audio. Okay. Fine. We have these four
files. Let's regenerate here.
Okay, spcaler.
We can add this one in lat upcaler
model. There it is. Can go and find
[clears throat] this uh where is lat
upscale models download and add it here
as you can see. And the final one tiny
vie for previous LTX tiny vie can add it
here in the vie approx
this one uh tx2
this okay after downloading and adding
those files
you can go here refresh the page and
place it one by one I think let's go for
example the rest one press here place
Second one
over
3. Where is JR3?
Okay. Place
in this place. VI audio is selected by
default. Video. Second one.
LTX passes up here. This one and this
one. Okay.
And the final one, Lorax. And fine. Now,
uh to start working with this, we have
to load a video right here by pressing
this button. Uh choose video to upload.
Okay. Let's choose any video to upload
and display and test it to work. Okay.
For example, I want to choose this uh
video from Netflix is Luffy Captain
Smoker. I want to change this video to
anime. Okay, how to do that? First of
all, I want to download this video.
Okay, fine. I already download this
video. I want to go here
uh to add in Camtasia here. I want to
extract some seconds of video to change
it to an okay to go here to Camtasia.
Okay fine. Uh I use this video this for
a minute and let's uh meet the sound
because this video is copyrighted is for
uh press 4 minutes. Okay, I choose it
around
10 seconds
uh 14 seconds to test it.
Okay, as you can see this spot between
Sanji and Smoke.
Now let's let's add it to my confi.
Let's return here. Close this window.
Close this. Close this.
Okay. After that for three this one
and add my SM video.
I close the audio.
Make it right here.
Uh, now I want to change this to an uh,
okay, the video continues. Okay, let's
return right here
to my chat GPD. And then
I want
to
change
this
video.
from
3D to anim
using
LTX
4.3.
Okay, give me
a
>> Okay, as you can see this is style
conversion. Okay, convert video into
high quality enemy. Okay, we can add our
prompt right here.
convert into used to detail cheated and
other things Japanese anime eyes clean
outlines for the optional negative font
you can add it here and this
place
okay fine uh let's see
there is other things to do but
okay this is the quality as you can see
if you want uh 1720 20p you can you must
have 20 GB of VR or more. For me it's 12
GB of VR or less you can choose this
quality
480 uh
resolution.
Okay. After that fine
temporal title
I think all is good. Let's see what is
the length of the video.
I think it's created automatically.
Okay, let's run it and let's see what's
happening. It works or not.
Okay, it's speaking.
Okay, as you can see,
>> doesn't matter.
>> Our work
>> work is finished.
But I think uh
>> there is no changes. Let's see uh what
is the difference between the original
and this video.
Okay, this one is original
and this one it's downloaded. Save video
as.
Okay, let's add to desktop.
Where is my video?
Open VC
and select the second one.
Okay, as you can see here,
it's changed completely.
This scene is not exist here. Let's uh
return here. This scene is the same.
after that
that's filed.
Okay, it's changed here.
Okay, after this this is my video. This
character is moving around the city.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. There is a little
changing of the style of this video. Not
a lot.